[copyright]: # (Copyright (C) 2013 Columbia University in the City of New York and others.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (Please see the AUTHORS file in the main source directory for a full list)
[copyright]: # (of contributors.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (This file is part of TerraFERMA.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (TerraFERMA is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify)
[copyright]: # (it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by)
[copyright]: # (the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or)
[copyright]: # ((at your option) any later version.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (TerraFERMA is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,)
[copyright]: # (but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of)
[copyright]: # (MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the)
[copyright]: # (GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License)
[copyright]: # (along with TerraFERMA. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.)

[documentation home](Documentation)

/ [terraferma_options](../../../terraferma_options) / [geometry](../../geometry) / [mesh](../mesh) /

#source (Box)

CHOICE 

*/geometry/mesh/source::Box*

Choose the source of this mesh as an internally generated 3d box.

Boundary ids will be automatically assigned as:
                          ______
                         /  4 (top boundary)
                        /_____/ 2 (right boundary)
                       |     |  | 6 (back boundary)
    (left boundary) 1  |  5 (front boundary)
                       |_____|/3 (bottom boundary)
  
No region ids will be assigned.   

* [lower_back_left](source__Box/lower_back_left "child")

    type: floats

    */geometry/mesh/source::Box/lower_back_left*

    Location of lower back left corner.
           ______
          /     /|
         /_____/ |
        |      | |
        |   x  | /
        |______|/
    

* [upper_front_right](source__Box/upper_front_right "child")

    type: floats

    */geometry/mesh/source::Box/upper_front_right*

    Location of upper front right corner.
           ______
          /     /|
         /____x/ |
        |     |  |
        |     | /
        |_____|/
    

* [number_cells](source__Box/number_cells "child")

    type: integers

    */geometry/mesh/source::Box/number_cells*

    Specify the number of cells in each dimension.

* [cell](source__Box/cell "child")

    values: tetrahedron

    */geometry/mesh/source::Box/cell*

    The ufl cell type (no option allowed).

[autogenerated]: # (This file was automatically generated from the schema file:/home/cwilson/repos/github/TerraFERMA/TerraFERMA/buckettools/schemas/geometry.rng.)

