[copyright]: # (Copyright (C) 2013 Columbia University in the City of New York and others.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (Please see the AUTHORS file in the main source directory for a full list)
[copyright]: # (of contributors.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (This file is part of TerraFERMA.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (TerraFERMA is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify)
[copyright]: # (it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by)
[copyright]: # (the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or)
[copyright]: # ((at your option) any later version.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (TerraFERMA is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,)
[copyright]: # (but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of)
[copyright]: # (MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the)
[copyright]: # (GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License)
[copyright]: # (along with TerraFERMA. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.)

[documentation home](Documentation)

/ [terraferma_options](../../../terraferma_options) / [geometry](../../geometry) / [mesh](../mesh) /

#source (Interval)

CHOICE 

*/geometry/mesh/source::Interval*

Choose the source of this mesh as an internally generated 1d interval.

Boundary ids will be automatically assigned as:

    (left boundary) 1 ----- 2 (right boundary)

No region ids will be assigned.   


* [left](source__Interval/left "child")

    type: float

    */geometry/mesh/source::Interval/left*

    Location of left boundary.

* [right](source__Interval/right "child")

    type: float

    */geometry/mesh/source::Interval/right*

    Location of right boundary.

* [number_cells](source__Interval/number_cells "child")

    type: integer

    */geometry/mesh/source::Interval/number_cells*

    Specify the number of cells.

* [cell](source__Interval/cell "child")

    values: interval

    */geometry/mesh/source::Interval/cell*

    The ufl cell type (no option allowed).

[autogenerated]: # (This file was automatically generated from the schema file:/home/cwilson/repos/github/TerraFERMA/TerraFERMA/buckettools/schemas/geometry.rng.)

