[copyright]: # (Copyright (C) 2013 Columbia University in the City of New York and others.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (Please see the AUTHORS file in the main source directory for a full list)
[copyright]: # (of contributors.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (This file is part of TerraFERMA.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (TerraFERMA is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify)
[copyright]: # (it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by)
[copyright]: # (the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or)
[copyright]: # ((at your option) any later version.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (TerraFERMA is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,)
[copyright]: # (but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of)
[copyright]: # (MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the)
[copyright]: # (GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License)
[copyright]: # (along with TerraFERMA. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.)

[documentation home](Documentation)

/ [harness_options](../../../../../harness_options) / [simulations](../../../../simulations) / [run](../../../run) / [dependencies](../../dependencies) / [simulation](../simulation) /

#parameter_sweep

OPTIONAL 

*/simulations/run/dependencies/simulation/parameter_sweep*

Perform a sweep over the listed parameters.  This list should be a subset of the parent simulation parameters.

* [parameter](parameter_sweep/parameter "child")

    MULTIPLE (1+) 

    attributes: name (string) 

    */simulations/run/dependencies/simulation/parameter_sweep/parameter*

    A parameter definition.
    
    Each parameter should have a unique name within this list but the 
    names should be a subset of the parent simulation parameter sweep.
    
    Parameters should optionally specify
    python code describing how the parameter should be updated.
    
    Dependency parameters do NOT list values as these are taken from the parent simulation.

* [number_runs](parameter_sweep/number_runs "child")

    OPTIONAL 

    type: integer

    */simulations/run/dependencies/simulation/parameter_sweep/number_runs*

    The number of times the simulation should be rerun.
    
    Defaults to 1 if not specified.

[autogenerated]: # (This file was automatically generated from the schema file:/home/cwilson/repos/github/TerraFERMA/TerraFERMA/buckettools/schemas/simulations.rng.)

