[copyright]: # (Copyright (C) 2013 Columbia University in the City of New York and others.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (Please see the AUTHORS file in the main source directory for a full list)
[copyright]: # (of contributors.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (This file is part of TerraFERMA.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (TerraFERMA is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify)
[copyright]: # (it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by)
[copyright]: # (the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or)
[copyright]: # ((at your option) any later version.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (TerraFERMA is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,)
[copyright]: # (but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of)
[copyright]: # (MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the)
[copyright]: # (GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License)
[copyright]: # (along with TerraFERMA. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.)

[documentation home](Documentation)

/ [terraferma_options](../../../../../terraferma_options) / [system](../../../../system) / [field](../../../field) / [type::Function](../../type__Function) / [rank::Tensor](../rank__Tensor) /

#reference_point (Point)

MULTIPLE (0+) CHOICE 

*/system/field/type::Function/rank::Tensor/reference_point::Point*

Options for the description of a reference point at which field values are zeroed during each solve 
by the imposition of an internal pointwise Dirichlet boundary condition at the nearest node to the
coordinates specified below.

This version defaults to the name Point.  If specifying more than one reference point (perhaps on different components) the name of each 
one must be unique so multiple instances of this default name are not allowed.

* [coordinates](reference_point__Point/coordinates "child")

    type: floats

    */system/field/type::Function/rank::Tensor/reference_point::Point/coordinates*

    The coordinates of the reference point.  The node nearest these coordinates will be used.

* CHOICE:
    * [sub_components (All)](reference_point__Point/sub_components__All "child")

        CHOICE 

        */system/field/type::Function/rank::Tensor/reference_point::Point/sub_components::All*

        Zero all the vector/tensor components at this reference point.

    * [sub_components (Subset)](reference_point__Point/sub_components__Subset "child")

        CHOICE 

        */system/field/type::Function/rank::Tensor/reference_point::Point/sub_components::Subset*

        Zero a subset of the vector/tensor components at this reference point.

[autogenerated]: # (This file was automatically generated from the schema file:/home/cwilson/repos/github/TerraFERMA/TerraFERMA/buckettools/schemas/function.rng.)

