[copyright]: # (Copyright (C) 2013 Columbia University in the City of New York and others.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (Please see the AUTHORS file in the main source directory for a full list)
[copyright]: # (of contributors.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (This file is part of TerraFERMA.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (TerraFERMA is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify)
[copyright]: # (it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by)
[copyright]: # (the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or)
[copyright]: # ((at your option) any later version.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (TerraFERMA is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,)
[copyright]: # (but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of)
[copyright]: # (MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the)
[copyright]: # (GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License)
[copyright]: # (along with TerraFERMA. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.)

[documentation home](https://github.com/terraferma/terraferma/wiki/Documentation)

#harness_options

*/*

The root node of the options dictionary for the TerraFERMA simulation harness.

This allows TerraFERMA simulations and their dependencies to be run in an 
automated way through tfsimulationharness.  Parameter
sweeps may be performed for benchmarking and testing purposes.

When viewed in diamond, options which are shaded blue are incomplete and require input.  Greyed out options are optional.  Black options are active.

* [length](harness_options/length.md "child")

    values: special short medium long

    */length*

    The length category of this simulations suite.
    
    This option can be used by tfsimulationharness to filter the available 
    simulation harness files and decide which simulations to run.

* [owner](harness_options/owner.md "child")

    type: string

    */owner*

    The owner id of the simulation creator.
    
    Useful for identifying the expert on this suite.  
    tfsimulationharness can also filter based on the owner.

* [tags](harness_options/tags.md "child")

    OPTIONAL 

    type: string

    */tags*

    Additional, arbitrary tags to include or exclude this 
    simulations suite from tfsimulationharness using the -t (include
    tags) and -e (exclude tags) flags.

* [description](harness_options/description.md "child")

    type: string

    */description*

    A description of what this simulation suite is intended to run.

* [simulations](harness_options/simulations.md "child")

    OPTIONAL 

    */simulations*

    A list of the simulations to run.  Each simulation name should be unique.

* [tests](harness_options/tests.md "child")

    OPTIONAL 

    */tests*

    A list of tests to run.  Each test name should be unique.

[autogenerated]: # (This file was automatically generated from the schema file:/home/cwilson/repos/github/TerraFERMA/TerraFERMA/buckettools/schemas/simulations.rng.)

