[copyright]: # (Copyright (C) 2013 Columbia University in the City of New York and others.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (Please see the AUTHORS file in the main source directory for a full list)
[copyright]: # (of contributors.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (This file is part of TerraFERMA.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (TerraFERMA is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify)
[copyright]: # (it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by)
[copyright]: # (the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or)
[copyright]: # ((at your option) any later version.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (TerraFERMA is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,)
[copyright]: # (but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of)
[copyright]: # (MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the)
[copyright]: # (GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License)
[copyright]: # (along with TerraFERMA. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.)

[documentation home](Documentation)

/ [harness_options](../../../../../harness_options) / [simulations](../../../../simulations) / [run](../../../run) / [dependencies](../../dependencies) / [run](../run) /

#input_file

type: string

*/simulations/run/dependencies/run/input_file*

The input_file for this run.

Only a single file name should be entered here, complete with extension.

The input_file does not have to exist but if it doesn't it must be listed
in the required_output of one of the dependencies of this simulation.

By default the input_file is loaded and its contents made available, in the
variable 'input_file',  as an ascii string to all parameter updating code.  
This behaviour can be modified if the file can be loaded by libspud by toggling
the option spud_file below.

* [spud_file](input_file/spud_file "child")

    OPTIONAL 

    */simulations/run/dependencies/run/input_file/spud_file*

    When reading in this file treat it as a spud compatible file.

[autogenerated]: # (This file was automatically generated from the schema file:/home/cwilson/repos/github/TerraFERMA/TerraFERMA/buckettools/schemas/simulations.rng.)

