[copyright]: # (Copyright (C) 2013 Columbia University in the City of New York and others.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (Please see the AUTHORS file in the main source directory for a full list)
[copyright]: # (of contributors.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (This file is part of TerraFERMA.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (TerraFERMA is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify)
[copyright]: # (it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by)
[copyright]: # (the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or)
[copyright]: # ((at your option) any later version.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (TerraFERMA is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,)
[copyright]: # (but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of)
[copyright]: # (MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the)
[copyright]: # (GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License)
[copyright]: # (along with TerraFERMA. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.)

[documentation home](Documentation)

/ [terraferma_options](../../terraferma_options) / [system](../system) /

#nonlinear_solver

MULTIPLE (0+) 

attributes: name (string) 

*/system/nonlinear_solver*

Options describing a nonlinear solver.  This consists of a set of bilinear and linear forms acting on the function 
and functionspace in this system and using coefficients defined anywhere in this options file.  Additionally a nonlinear
solver describes the method of convering the nonlinear solve, either using a Newton or Picard iteration loop and a
description of the linear solver used within this loop.

* CHOICE:
    * [type (SNES)](nonlinear_solver/type__SNES "child")

        CHOICE 

        */system/nonlinear_solver/type::SNES*

        The type of nonlinear solver. 
        PETSc SNES - a Newton iteration with line search.

    * [type (Picard)](nonlinear_solver/type__Picard "child")

        CHOICE 

        */system/nonlinear_solver/type::Picard*

        The type of nonlinear solver. 
        A Picard iteration.

* CHOICE:
    * [solve (in_timeloop)](nonlinear_solver/solve__in_timeloop "child")

        CHOICE 

        */system/nonlinear_solver/solve::in_timeloop*

        Solve the equations listed in this nonlinear solver every timestep.

    * [solve (at_start)](nonlinear_solver/solve__at_start "child")

        CHOICE 

        */system/nonlinear_solver/solve::at_start*

        Only solve the equations listed in this nonlinear solver at the start of the simulation.

    * [solve (with_diagnostics)](nonlinear_solver/solve__with_diagnostics "child")

        CHOICE 

        */system/nonlinear_solver/solve::with_diagnostics*

        Only solve the equations listed in this nonlinear solver when diagnostic output is performed.
        
        This means that this system will be updated at an interval dependant on how the diagnostic dump periods are set in /io.

    * [solve (never)](nonlinear_solver/solve__never "child")

        CHOICE 

        */system/nonlinear_solver/solve::never*

        Never solve the equations listed in this nonlinear solver.
        
        This is primarily intended to be used in checkpoint files when systems set to solve 'at_start' are never solved for in the 
        checkpointed simulation.

[autogenerated]: # (This file was automatically generated from the schema file:/home/cwilson/repos/github/TerraFERMA/TerraFERMA/buckettools/schemas/solvers.rng.)

