[copyright]: # (Copyright (C) 2013 Columbia University in the City of New York and others.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (Please see the AUTHORS file in the main source directory for a full list)
[copyright]: # (of contributors.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (This file is part of TerraFERMA.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (TerraFERMA is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify)
[copyright]: # (it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by)
[copyright]: # (the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or)
[copyright]: # ((at your option) any later version.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (TerraFERMA is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,)
[copyright]: # (but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of)
[copyright]: # (MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the)
[copyright]: # (GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License)
[copyright]: # (along with TerraFERMA. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.)

[documentation home](https://github.com/terraferma/terraferma/wiki/Documentation)

/ [terraferma_options](../../../../terraferma_options.md) / [system](../../../system.md) / [nonlinear_solver](../../nonlinear_solver.md) / [type::SNES](../type__SNES.md) /

#monitors

*/system/nonlinear_solver/type::SNES/monitors*

Options to give extra information for each iteration of the
the SNES solve. Some of those may really slow down your computation!

* [view_snes](monitors/view_snes.md "child")

    OPTIONAL 

    */system/nonlinear_solver/type::SNES/monitors/view_snes*

    Prints PETSc information about the snes object.

* [residual](monitors/residual.md "child")

    OPTIONAL 

    */system/nonlinear_solver/type::SNES/monitors/residual*

    Output the residual at every function evaluation.

* [solution_graph](monitors/solution_graph.md "child")

    OPTIONAL 

    */system/nonlinear_solver/type::SNES/monitors/solution_graph*

    Plot a graph of the solution with each iteration.

* [visualization](monitors/visualization.md "child")

    OPTIONAL 

    */system/nonlinear_solver/type::SNES/monitors/visualization*

    Output pvd visualization of the solution and residual at each iteration.
    
    WARNING: This will produce a lot of output so should only be used for debugging purposes!

* [convergence_file](monitors/convergence_file.md "child")

    OPTIONAL 

    */system/nonlinear_solver/type::SNES/monitors/convergence_file*

    Output a diagnostic file detailing the convergence of this solver.

* [norms](monitors/norms.md "child")

    OPTIONAL 

    */system/nonlinear_solver/type::SNES/monitors/norms*

    Print norms of vectors and matrices to stdout log

[autogenerated]: # (This file was automatically generated from the schema file:/home/cwilson/repos/github/TerraFERMA/TerraFERMA/buckettools/schemas/solvers.rng.)

