[copyright]: # (Copyright (C) 2013 Columbia University in the City of New York and others.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (Please see the AUTHORS file in the main source directory for a full list)
[copyright]: # (of contributors.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (This file is part of TerraFERMA.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (TerraFERMA is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify)
[copyright]: # (it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by)
[copyright]: # (the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or)
[copyright]: # ((at your option) any later version.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (TerraFERMA is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,)
[copyright]: # (but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of)
[copyright]: # (MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the)
[copyright]: # (GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License)
[copyright]: # (along with TerraFERMA. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.)

[documentation home](Documentation)

/ [harness_options](../../../harness_options.md) / [simulations](../../simulations.md) / [simulation](../simulation.md) /

#parameter_sweep

OPTIONAL 

*/simulations/simulation/parameter_sweep*

Perform a sweep over the listed parameters.  Each parameter requires a unique name.

* [parameter](parameter_sweep/parameter.md "child")

    MULTIPLE (0+) 

    attributes: name (string) 

    */simulations/simulation/parameter_sweep/parameter*

    A parameter definition.
    
    Each parameter should have a unique name.
    
    Parameters should specify a list of values to be swept over and optionally, 
    python code describing how the parameter should be updated.

* [number_runs](parameter_sweep/number_runs.md "child")

    OPTIONAL 

    type: integer

    */simulations/simulation/parameter_sweep/number_runs*

    The number of times the simulation should be rerun.
    
    Defaults to 1 if not specified.

[autogenerated]: # (This file was automatically generated from the schema file:/home/cwilson/repos/github/TerraFERMA/TerraFERMA/buckettools/schemas/simulations.rng.)

