[copyright]: # (Copyright (C) 2013 Columbia University in the City of New York and others.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (Please see the AUTHORS file in the main source directory for a full list)
[copyright]: # (of contributors.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (This file is part of TerraFERMA.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (TerraFERMA is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify)
[copyright]: # (it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by)
[copyright]: # (the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or)
[copyright]: # ((at your option) any later version.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (TerraFERMA is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,)
[copyright]: # (but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of)
[copyright]: # (MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the)
[copyright]: # (GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License)
[copyright]: # (along with TerraFERMA. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.)

[documentation home](Documentation)

/ [terraferma_options](../../../../../../../../terraferma_options) / [system](../../../../../../../system) / [nonlinear_solver](../../../../../../nonlinear_solver) / [type::SNES](../../../../../type__SNES) / [linear_solver](../../../../linear_solver) / [preconditioner::fieldsplit](../../../preconditioner__fieldsplit) / [fieldsplit](../../fieldsplit) / [linear_solver](../linear_solver) /

#remove_null_space

OPTIONAL 

*/system/nonlinear_solver/type::SNES/linear_solver/preconditioner::fieldsplit/fieldsplit/linear_solver/remove_null_space*

Remove Null-space from residual after applying preconditioner.

* [null_space](remove_null_space/null_space "child")

    MULTIPLE (1+) 

    attributes: name (string) 

    */system/nonlinear_solver/type::SNES/linear_solver/preconditioner::fieldsplit/fieldsplit/linear_solver/remove_null_space/null_space*

    Describe the null spaces.  Names must be unique within this linear solver.
    
    Fields not included in any parent fieldsplits will be excluded from this nullspace 
    even if they are described below (a warning will be given).
    
    Nullspaces default to being constant over any fields described.  If no fields are specified
    then the entire vector is assumed to contain a constant nullspace.  To describe variable
    nullspaces python functions must be attached underneath the description of the field.

* [monitors](remove_null_space/monitors "child")

    */system/nonlinear_solver/type::SNES/linear_solver/preconditioner::fieldsplit/fieldsplit/linear_solver/remove_null_space/monitors*

    Parent option for null-space monitors.

[autogenerated]: # (This file was automatically generated from the schema file:/home/cwilson/repos/github/TerraFERMA/TerraFERMA/buckettools/schemas/solvers.rng.)

