[copyright]: # (Copyright (C) 2013 Columbia University in the City of New York and others.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (Please see the AUTHORS file in the main source directory for a full list)
[copyright]: # (of contributors.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (This file is part of TerraFERMA.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (TerraFERMA is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify)
[copyright]: # (it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by)
[copyright]: # (the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or)
[copyright]: # ((at your option) any later version.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (TerraFERMA is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,)
[copyright]: # (but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of)
[copyright]: # (MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the)
[copyright]: # (GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License)
[copyright]: # (along with TerraFERMA. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.)

[documentation home](Documentation)

/ [terraferma_options](../../../../../../../../terraferma_options) / [system](../../../../../../../system) / [coefficient](../../../../../../coefficient) / [type::Expression](../../../../../type__Expression) / [rank::Scalar](../../../../rank__Scalar) / [value](../../../value) / [internal](../../internal) / [algorithm::SemiLagrangian](../algorithm__SemiLagrangian) /

#velocity

*/system/coefficient/type::Expression/rank::Scalar/value/internal/algorithm::SemiLagrangian/velocity*

The velocity that will be used to lookup the value.

This must have the same dimension as the geometry.

* [system](velocity/system "child")

    OPTIONAL 

    attributes: name (string) 

    */system/coefficient/type::Expression/rank::Scalar/value/internal/algorithm::SemiLagrangian/velocity/system*

    The system where the velocity is to be found.
    Assumed to be the current system if left unspecified.

* CHOICE:
    * [field](velocity/field "child")

        CHOICE 

        attributes: name (string) 

        */system/coefficient/type::Expression/rank::Scalar/value/internal/algorithm::SemiLagrangian/velocity/field*

        The field name.

    * [coefficient](velocity/coefficient "child")

        CHOICE 

        attributes: name (string) 

        */system/coefficient/type::Expression/rank::Scalar/value/internal/algorithm::SemiLagrangian/velocity/coefficient*

        The coefficient name.

[autogenerated]: # (This file was automatically generated from the schema file:/home/cwilson/repos/github/TerraFERMA/TerraFERMA/buckettools/schemas/function.rng.)

