harness_options/simulations/run/required_input/filenames.md, before:

[copyright]: # (Copyright (C) 2013 Columbia University in the City of New York and others.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (Please see the AUTHORS file in the main source directory for a full list)
[copyright]: # (of contributors.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (This file is part of TerraFERMA.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (TerraFERMA is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify)
[copyright]: # (it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by)
[copyright]: # (the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or)
[copyright]: # ((at your option) any later version.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (TerraFERMA is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,)
[copyright]: # (but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of)
[copyright]: # (MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the)
[copyright]: # (GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License)
[copyright]: # (along with TerraFERMA. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.)

[documentation home](Documentation)

/ [harness_options](../../../../harness_options.md) / [simulations](../../../simulations.md) / [run](../../run.md) / [required_input](../required_input.md) /

#filenames

MULTIPLE (1+) 

attributes: name (string) 

*/simulations/run/required_input/filenames*

Enter filenames, either as a string or returned from python code.

All filenames must have a unique name.

* CHOICE:
    * [string](filenames/string.md "child")

        CHOICE 

        type: string

        */simulations/run/required_input/filenames/string*

        Enter one or multiple filenames as a comma, semicolon or space separated list.

    * [python](filenames/python.md "child")

        CHOICE 

        type: string

        */simulations/run/required_input/filenames/python*

        Enter python code to evaluate a (or a list of) filename(s).
        
        The variable containing the filename(s) MUST share a name with 
        the filenames parent element above. 

[autogenerated]: # (This file was automatically generated from the schema file:/home/cwilson/repos/github/TerraFERMA/TerraFERMA/buckettools/schemas/simulations.rng.)

Commit message:

Updating to v1.0 (plus a fix to the script to do this).

harness_options/simulations/run/required_input/filenames.md, after:

[copyright]: # (Copyright (C) 2013 Columbia University in the City of New York and others.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (Please see the AUTHORS file in the main source directory for a full list)
[copyright]: # (of contributors.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (This file is part of TerraFERMA.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (TerraFERMA is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify)
[copyright]: # (it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by)
[copyright]: # (the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or)
[copyright]: # ((at your option) any later version.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (TerraFERMA is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,)
[copyright]: # (but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of)
[copyright]: # (MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the)
[copyright]: # (GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License)
[copyright]: # (along with TerraFERMA. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.)

[documentation home](https://github.com/terraferma/terraferma/wiki/Documentation)

/ [harness_options](../../../../harness_options.md) / [simulations](../../../simulations.md) / [run](../../run.md) / [required_input](../required_input.md) /

#filenames

MULTIPLE (1+) 

attributes: name (string) 

*/simulations/run/required_input/filenames*

Enter filenames, either as a string or returned from python code.

All filenames must have a unique name.

* CHOICE:
    * [string](filenames/string.md "child")

        CHOICE 

        type: string

        */simulations/run/required_input/filenames/string*

        Enter one or multiple filenames as a comma, semicolon or space separated list.

    * [python](filenames/python.md "child")

        CHOICE 

        type: string

        */simulations/run/required_input/filenames/python*

        Enter python code to evaluate a (or a list of) filename(s).
        
        The variable containing the filename(s) MUST share a name with 
        the filenames parent element above. 
        
        The values of all the parameters for this simulation will be available to this code using 
        the names given to the parameters above.  They will be formatted as strings and should be converted 
        appropriately within the code.
        
        Additionally, the full path to the input file is available as input_filename.
        
        For more advanced usage the Run or Simulation class object is available as _self.

[autogenerated]: # (This file was automatically generated from the schema file:/home/cwilson/repos/github/TerraFERMA/TerraFERMA/buckettools/schemas/simulations.rng.)
