[copyright]: # (Copyright (C) 2013 Columbia University in the City of New York and others.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (Please see the AUTHORS file in the main source directory for a full list)
[copyright]: # (of contributors.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (This file is part of TerraFERMA.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (TerraFERMA is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify)
[copyright]: # (it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by)
[copyright]: # (the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or)
[copyright]: # ((at your option) any later version.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (TerraFERMA is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,)
[copyright]: # (but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of)
[copyright]: # (MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the)
[copyright]: # (GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License)
[copyright]: # (along with TerraFERMA. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.)

[documentation home](Documentation)

/ [terraferma_options](../../../terraferma_options) / [system](../../system) / [field](../field) /

#diagnostics

*/system/field/diagnostics*

Output options

* [include_in_visualization](diagnostics/include_in_visualization "child")

    OPTIONAL 

    */system/field/diagnostics/include_in_visualization*

    Include this field in the visualization output file.

* [include_in_statistics](diagnostics/include_in_statistics "child")

    OPTIONAL 

    */system/field/diagnostics/include_in_statistics*

    Include this field in the statistics output file.
    The minimum and maximum of functions is included.

* [include_in_steady_state](diagnostics/include_in_steady_state "child")

    OPTIONAL 

    */system/field/diagnostics/include_in_steady_state*

    Include this field in the steady state check and output file.

* [include_in_detectors](diagnostics/include_in_detectors "child")

    OPTIONAL 

    */system/field/diagnostics/include_in_detectors*

    Include this field in the detectors output file.

* [include_residual_in_visualization](diagnostics/include_residual_in_visualization "child")

    OPTIONAL 

    */system/field/diagnostics/include_residual_in_visualization*

    Include the residual of this field in a visualization output file.

[autogenerated]: # (This file was automatically generated from the schema file:/home/cwilson/repos/github/TerraFERMA/TerraFERMA/buckettools/schemas/function.rng.)

