[copyright]: # (Copyright (C) 2013 Columbia University in the City of New York and others.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (Please see the AUTHORS file in the main source directory for a full list)
[copyright]: # (of contributors.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (This file is part of TerraFERMA.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (TerraFERMA is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify)
[copyright]: # (it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by)
[copyright]: # (the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or)
[copyright]: # ((at your option) any later version.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (TerraFERMA is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,)
[copyright]: # (but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of)
[copyright]: # (MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the)
[copyright]: # (GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License)
[copyright]: # (along with TerraFERMA. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.)

[documentation home](Documentation)

/ [terraferma_options](../../../../../../../terraferma_options) / [system](../../../../../../system) / [coefficient](../../../../../coefficient) / [type::Expression](../../../../type__Expression) / [rank::Tensor](../../../rank__Tensor) / [value::WholeMesh](../../value__WholeMesh) / [internal](../internal) /

#algorithm (SemiLagrangian)

*/system/coefficient/type::Expression/rank::Tensor/value::WholeMesh/internal/algorithm::SemiLagrangian*

A semilagrangian lookup algorithm

* [lookup_function](algorithm__SemiLagrangian/lookup_function "child")

    */system/coefficient/type::Expression/rank::Tensor/value::WholeMesh/internal/algorithm::SemiLagrangian/lookup_function*

    The function that will be looked up (normally a field).
    
    Note that the algorithm will always look up the value of the function at the previous timestep.

* [velocity](algorithm__SemiLagrangian/velocity "child")

    */system/coefficient/type::Expression/rank::Tensor/value::WholeMesh/internal/algorithm::SemiLagrangian/velocity*

    The velocity that will be used to lookup the value.
    
    This must have the same dimension as the geometry.

* [outside_value](algorithm__SemiLagrangian/outside_value "child")

    */system/coefficient/type::Expression/rank::Tensor/value::WholeMesh/internal/algorithm::SemiLagrangian/outside_value*

    The value that will be used when the lookup point falls outside the mesh.
    
    Most likely this should be a coefficient expression or constant (i.e. not restricted to the system's mesh).

[autogenerated]: # (This file was automatically generated from the schema file:/home/cwilson/repos/github/TerraFERMA/TerraFERMA/buckettools/schemas/function.rng.)

