[copyright]: # (Copyright (C) 2013 Columbia University in the City of New York and others.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (Please see the AUTHORS file in the main source directory for a full list)
[copyright]: # (of contributors.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (This file is part of TerraFERMA.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (TerraFERMA is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify)
[copyright]: # (it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by)
[copyright]: # (the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or)
[copyright]: # ((at your option) any later version.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (TerraFERMA is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,)
[copyright]: # (but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of)
[copyright]: # (MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the)
[copyright]: # (GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License)
[copyright]: # (along with TerraFERMA. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.)

[documentation home](Documentation)

/ [terraferma_options](../../../../terraferma_options) / [geometry](../../../geometry) / [mesh](../../mesh) / [source::File](../source__File) /

#cell_destinations

OPTIONAL 

*/geometry/mesh/source::File/cell_destinations*

Provide a mapping between region ids and process owner ids.  Only works with ghost_mode == none.

NOTE: Intended for debugging purposes only!  This will read in the whole mesh in serial 
before distributing it to the processes according to the process -> region_ids map provided
below.

Region ids assigned to multple processes will be given to the highest rank proces.  Unassigned 
(or unvisited if run on fewer cores than processes listed in the map) region ids will be assigned
to process 0.

* [process](cell_destinations/process "child")

    MULTIPLE (1+) 

    type: integer

    attributes: name (string) 

    */geometry/mesh/source::File/cell_destinations/process*

    Provide a process rank and a list of region ids that are to be assigned to it.
    
    If region ids are not specified, or are not read in as there are insufficient processes,
    those ids will be assigned to process 0.  Therefore it is not generally necessary to describe
    the region_ids for process 0.
    
    Repeated region ids will be assigned to the highest rank process.

[autogenerated]: # (This file was automatically generated from the schema file:/home/cwilson/repos/github/TerraFERMA/TerraFERMA/buckettools/schemas/geometry.rng.)

