harness_options/simulations/run/parameter_sweep/parameter.md, before:

[copyright]: # (Copyright (C) 2013 Columbia University in the City of New York and others.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (Please see the AUTHORS file in the main source directory for a full list)
[copyright]: # (of contributors.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (This file is part of TerraFERMA.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (TerraFERMA is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify)
[copyright]: # (it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by)
[copyright]: # (the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or)
[copyright]: # ((at your option) any later version.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (TerraFERMA is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,)
[copyright]: # (but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of)
[copyright]: # (MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the)
[copyright]: # (GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License)
[copyright]: # (along with TerraFERMA. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.)

[documentation home](Documentation)

/ [harness_options](../../../../harness_options.md) / [simulations](../../../simulations.md) / [run](../../run.md) / [parameter_sweep](../parameter_sweep.md) /

#parameter

MULTIPLE (0+) 

attributes: name (string) 

*/simulations/run/parameter_sweep/parameter*

A parameter definition.

Each parameter should have a unique name.

Parameters should specify a list of values to be swept over and optionally, 
python code describing how the parameter should be updated.

* [values](parameter/values.md "child")

    type: string

    */simulations/run/parameter_sweep/parameter/values*

    A comma, semicolon or space separated list of the parameter values.
    
    The values are input as a string to allow them to be used to uniquely create a folder structure.
    The update python code before should convert them to appropriate types within the input file.

* [update](parameter/update.md "child")

    OPTIONAL 

    type: string

    */simulations/run/parameter_sweep/parameter/update*

    Python code specifying how the input file should be modified to update this parameter.
    
    If no code is provided the parameter will not be modified at this level 
    (but may be modified at other dependency levels).
    
    The values of all the parameters for this simulation will be available to this code using 
    the names given to the parameters above.  They will be formatted as strings and should be converted 
    appropriately within the code.

* [process_scale](parameter/process_scale.md "child")

    OPTIONAL 

    type: integers

    */simulations/run/parameter_sweep/parameter/process_scale*

    The factor to scale the number_processes by depending on the value of this parameter.
    
    There should be the same number of integer scales as there are parameter values.

[autogenerated]: # (This file was automatically generated from the schema file:/home/cwilson/repos/github/TerraFERMA/TerraFERMA/buckettools/schemas/simulations.rng.)

Commit message:

Updating to v1.0 (plus a fix to the script to do this).

harness_options/simulations/run/parameter_sweep/parameter.md, after:

[copyright]: # (Copyright (C) 2013 Columbia University in the City of New York and others.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (Please see the AUTHORS file in the main source directory for a full list)
[copyright]: # (of contributors.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (This file is part of TerraFERMA.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (TerraFERMA is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify)
[copyright]: # (it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by)
[copyright]: # (the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or)
[copyright]: # ((at your option) any later version.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (TerraFERMA is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,)
[copyright]: # (but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of)
[copyright]: # (MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the)
[copyright]: # (GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License)
[copyright]: # (along with TerraFERMA. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.)

[documentation home](https://github.com/terraferma/terraferma/wiki/Documentation)

/ [harness_options](../../../../harness_options.md) / [simulations](../../../simulations.md) / [run](../../run.md) / [parameter_sweep](../parameter_sweep.md) /

#parameter

MULTIPLE (0+) 

attributes: name (string) 

*/simulations/run/parameter_sweep/parameter*

A parameter definition.

Each parameter should have a unique name.

Parameters should specify a list of values to be swept over and optionally, 
python code describing how the parameter should be updated.

* [values](parameter/values.md "child")

    type: string

    */simulations/run/parameter_sweep/parameter/values*

    A comma, semicolon or space separated list of the parameter values.
    
    The values are input as a string to allow them to be used to uniquely create a folder structure.
    The update python code before should convert them to appropriate types within the input file.

* [update](parameter/update.md "child")

    OPTIONAL 

    type: string

    */simulations/run/parameter_sweep/parameter/update*

    Python code specifying how the input file should be modified to update this parameter.
    
    If no code is provided the parameter will not be modified at this level 
    (but may be modified at other dependency levels).
    
    The values of all the parameters for this simulation will be available to this code using 
    the names given to the parameters above.  They will be formatted as strings and should be converted 
    appropriately within the code.
    
    Additionally, the full path to the input file is available as input_filename and, if not a spud file, 
    the contents of the input file are available as a string as input_file.  The input_file string should be 
    modified - it is what will be written back to file.
    
    For more advanced usage the Run or Simulation class object is available as _self.

[autogenerated]: # (This file was automatically generated from the schema file:/home/cwilson/repos/github/TerraFERMA/TerraFERMA/buckettools/schemas/simulations.rng.)
