[copyright]: # (Copyright (C) 2013 Columbia University in the City of New York and others.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (Please see the AUTHORS file in the main source directory for a full list)
[copyright]: # (of contributors.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (This file is part of TerraFERMA.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (TerraFERMA is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify)
[copyright]: # (it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by)
[copyright]: # (the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or)
[copyright]: # ((at your option) any later version.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (TerraFERMA is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,)
[copyright]: # (but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of)
[copyright]: # (MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the)
[copyright]: # (GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License)
[copyright]: # (along with TerraFERMA. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.)

[documentation home](Documentation)

/ [terraferma_options](../../../../../../../../terraferma_options.md) / [system](../../../../../../../system.md) / [coefficient](../../../../../../coefficient.md) / [type::Function](../../../../../type__Function.md) / [rank::Vector](../../../../rank__Vector.md) / [value::WholeMesh](../../../value__WholeMesh.md) / [internal](../../internal.md) / [algorithm::SemiLagrangian](../algorithm__SemiLagrangian.md) /

#outside_value

*/system/coefficient/type::Function/rank::Vector/value::WholeMesh/internal/algorithm::SemiLagrangian/outside_value*

The value that will be used when the lookup point falls outside the mesh.

Most likely this should be a coefficient expression or constant (i.e. not restricted to the system's mesh).

* [system](outside_value/system.md "child")

    OPTIONAL 

    attributes: name (string) 

    */system/coefficient/type::Function/rank::Vector/value::WholeMesh/internal/algorithm::SemiLagrangian/outside_value/system*

    The system where the function is to be found.
    Assumed to be the current system if left unspecified.

* CHOICE:
    * [coefficient](outside_value/coefficient.md "child")

        CHOICE 

        attributes: name (string) 

        */system/coefficient/type::Function/rank::Vector/value::WholeMesh/internal/algorithm::SemiLagrangian/outside_value/coefficient*

        The coefficient name.

    * [field](outside_value/field.md "child")

        CHOICE 

        attributes: name (string) 

        */system/coefficient/type::Function/rank::Vector/value::WholeMesh/internal/algorithm::SemiLagrangian/outside_value/field*

        The field name.

[autogenerated]: # (This file was automatically generated from the schema file:/home/cwilson/repos/github/TerraFERMA/TerraFERMA/buckettools/schemas/function.rng.)

