[copyright]: # (Copyright (C) 2013 Columbia University in the City of New York and others.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (Please see the AUTHORS file in the main source directory for a full list)
[copyright]: # (of contributors.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (This file is part of TerraFERMA.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (TerraFERMA is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify)
[copyright]: # (it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by)
[copyright]: # (the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or)
[copyright]: # ((at your option) any later version.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (TerraFERMA is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,)
[copyright]: # (but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of)
[copyright]: # (MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the)
[copyright]: # (GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License)
[copyright]: # (along with TerraFERMA. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.)

[documentation home](https://github.com/terraferma/terraferma/wiki/Documentation)

/ [terraferma_options](../../../terraferma_options.md) / [timestepping](../../timestepping.md) / [timestep](../timestep.md) /

#adaptive

OPTIONAL 

*/timestepping/timestep/adaptive*

Options to adapt the timestep based on a field in a system

* [constraint](adaptive/constraint.md "child")

    MULTIPLE (1+) 

    attributes: name (string) 

    */timestepping/timestep/adaptive/constraint*

    Provide the name of a field (and the system it is described in) and its target maximum value.
    
    This should be a Courant number like field so that the timestep is calculated such that:
    
    dt = (current_dt*requested_maximum_value)/current_maximum_value
    
    If multiple constraints are provided the minimum timestep is taken.

* CHOICE:
    * [adapt_period](adaptive/adapt_period.md "child")

        OPTIONAL CHOICE 

        type: float

        */timestepping/timestep/adaptive/adapt_period*

        The period in simulation time at which the timestep is recalculated.
        
        Defaults to every timestep if not selected.

    * [adapt_period_in_timesteps](adaptive/adapt_period_in_timesteps.md "child")

        OPTIONAL CHOICE 

        type: integer

        */timestepping/timestep/adaptive/adapt_period_in_timesteps*

        The number of timesteps between recalculations of the optimal timestep.
        
        Defaults to 1 (every timestep) if not selected.

* [increase_tolerance](adaptive/increase_tolerance.md "child")

    OPTIONAL 

    type: float

    */timestepping/timestep/adaptive/increase_tolerance*

    The maximum ratio by which the timestep is allowed
    to increase in a timestep adapt. e.g., a value of
    1.1 indicates that the timestep may be increased by
    at most 10%.

[autogenerated]: # (This file was automatically generated from the schema file:/home/cwilson/repos/github/TerraFERMA/TerraFERMA/buckettools/schemas/timestepping.rng.)

