[copyright]: # (Copyright (C) 2013 Columbia University in the City of New York and others.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (Please see the AUTHORS file in the main source directory for a full list)
[copyright]: # (of contributors.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (This file is part of TerraFERMA.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (TerraFERMA is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify)
[copyright]: # (it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by)
[copyright]: # (the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or)
[copyright]: # ((at your option) any later version.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (TerraFERMA is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,)
[copyright]: # (but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of)
[copyright]: # (MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the)
[copyright]: # (GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License)
[copyright]: # (along with TerraFERMA. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.)

[documentation home](Documentation)

/ [terraferma_options](../terraferma_options) /

#nonlinear_systems

OPTIONAL 

*/nonlinear_systems*

Options to perform multiple iterations per timestep (i.e. to solve the systems repeatedly).

If selected those systems marked to be solved in the timestep loop will be solved repeatedly, updating 
interdependent coefficients at each system assembly and solve, until the requested convergence criteria
are satisfied.

Diagnostic systems will only be solved if convergence monitoring is requested.

* [relative_error](nonlinear_systems/relative_error "child")

    type: float

    */nonlinear_systems/relative_error*

    The relative error allowed to remain in the vector l2 norm of the combined systems residual upon termination
    of the iteration loop.
    
    If a system contains multiple solvers, the residual defined in the last solver is taken as that system's
    residual.

* [absolute_error](nonlinear_systems/absolute_error "child")

    OPTIONAL 

    type: float

    */nonlinear_systems/absolute_error*

    The absolute error allowed to remain in the vector l2 norm of the combined systems residual upon termination
    of the iteration loop.
    
    Defaults to 1.e-50.

* [max_iterations](nonlinear_systems/max_iterations "child")

    type: integer

    */nonlinear_systems/max_iterations*

    The maximum number of iterations to take in this nonlinear system loop.

* [min_iterations](nonlinear_systems/min_iterations "child")

    OPTIONAL 

    type: integer

    */nonlinear_systems/min_iterations*

    The minimum number of iterations to take in this nonlinear system loop.

* [monitors](nonlinear_systems/monitors "child")

    */nonlinear_systems/monitors*

    Options to give extra information for each iteration of the
    timestep. Some of those may really slow down your computation!

* CHOICE:
    * [never_ignore_convergence_failures](nonlinear_systems/never_ignore_convergence_failures "child")

        CHOICE 

        */nonlinear_systems/never_ignore_convergence_failures*

        Never ignore solver failures (the highly recommended default).
        
        This option tests the convergence of the nonlinear systems and terminates the simulations at the end of the next timestep 
        if it has failed to converge.
        
        This option does not affect the handling of convergence failures within each system solver.

    * [ignore_all_convergence_failures](nonlinear_systems/ignore_all_convergence_failures "child")

        CHOICE 

        */nonlinear_systems/ignore_all_convergence_failures*

        Ignore solver failures.  Intended for debugging purposes only!
        
        **Do not use this option in any scientific simulation.**
        
        This option allows the simulation to continue even if the nonlinear systems fail to meet the convergence criteria.
        
        This option does not affect the handling of convergence failures within each system solver.

[autogenerated]: # (This file was automatically generated from the schema file:/home/cwilson/repos/github/TerraFERMA/TerraFERMA/buckettools/schemas/timestepping.rng.)

