[copyright]: # (Copyright (C) 2013 Columbia University in the City of New York and others.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (Please see the AUTHORS file in the main source directory for a full list)
[copyright]: # (of contributors.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (This file is part of TerraFERMA.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (TerraFERMA is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify)
[copyright]: # (it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by)
[copyright]: # (the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or)
[copyright]: # ((at your option) any later version.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (TerraFERMA is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,)
[copyright]: # (but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of)
[copyright]: # (MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the)
[copyright]: # (GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License)
[copyright]: # (along with TerraFERMA. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.)

[documentation home](Documentation)

#terraferma_options

*/*

The root node of the options dictionary for TerraFERMA.

When viewed in diamond, options which are shaded blue are incomplete and require input.  Greyed out options are optional.  Black options are active.

* [geometry](terraferma_options/geometry "child")

    */geometry*

    The parent node for options dealing with the specification of geometry (e.g. the dimension and meshes)

* [io](terraferma_options/io "child")

    */io*

    Input/Output options

* [timestepping](terraferma_options/timestepping "child")

    OPTIONAL 

    */timestepping*

    Options for timestepping if this is a dynamic simulation (leave inactive for steady state simulations)

* [nonlinear_systems](terraferma_options/nonlinear_systems "child")

    OPTIONAL 

    */nonlinear_systems*

    Options to perform multiple iterations per timestep (i.e. to solve the systems repeatedly).
    
    If selected those systems marked to be solved in the timestep loop will be solved repeatedly, updating 
    interdependent coefficients at each system assembly and solve, until the requested convergence criteria
    are satisfied.
    
    Diagnostic systems will only be solved if convergence monitoring is requested.

* [global_parameters](terraferma_options/global_parameters "child")

    */global_parameters*

    Global parameter options

* [system](terraferma_options/system "child")

    MULTIPLE (1+) 

    attributes: name (string) 

    */system*

    Options describing a system.  
    
    A system consists of a DOLFIN functionspace, 
    the fields on this functionspace, the forms describing the solvers and preconditioners
    that act on that functionspace and the coefficients that appear in those forms.
    
    The system name must be unique amongst any other systems.

[autogenerated]: # (This file was automatically generated from the schema file:/home/cwilson/repos/github/TerraFERMA/TerraFERMA/buckettools/schemas/terraferma.rng.)

