[copyright]: # (Copyright (C) 2013 Columbia University in the City of New York and others.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (Please see the AUTHORS file in the main source directory for a full list)
[copyright]: # (of contributors.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (This file is part of TerraFERMA.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (TerraFERMA is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify)
[copyright]: # (it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by)
[copyright]: # (the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or)
[copyright]: # ((at your option) any later version.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (TerraFERMA is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,)
[copyright]: # (but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of)
[copyright]: # (MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the)
[copyright]: # (GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License)
[copyright]: # (along with TerraFERMA. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.)

[documentation home](https://github.com/terraferma/terraferma/wiki/Documentation)

/ [terraferma_options](../terraferma_options.md) /

#geometry

*/geometry*

The parent node for options dealing with the specification of geometry (e.g. the dimension and meshes)

* [dimension](geometry/dimension.md "child")

    values: 0 1 2 3

    */geometry/dimension*

    Dimension of the problem.
    
    **This can only be set once!**
    
    This decides the autogenerated shape of all rank>0 options below (though they may still be set independently).

* CHOICE:
    * [mesh](geometry/mesh.md "child")

        MULTIPLE (1+) CHOICE 

        attributes: name (string) 

        */geometry/mesh*

        Options for describing the mesh with a user-specified name.  This name must be unique.

    * [mesh (Mesh)](geometry/mesh__Mesh.md "child")

        MULTIPLE (1+) CHOICE 

        */geometry/mesh::Mesh*

        Options for describing the mesh, automatically called "Mesh".  This name must be unique.

[autogenerated]: # (This file was automatically generated from the schema file:/home/cwilson/repos/github/TerraFERMA/TerraFERMA/buckettools/schemas/geometry.rng.)

