[copyright]: # (Copyright (C) 2013 Columbia University in the City of New York and others.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (Please see the AUTHORS file in the main source directory for a full list)
[copyright]: # (of contributors.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (This file is part of TerraFERMA.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (TerraFERMA is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify)
[copyright]: # (it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by)
[copyright]: # (the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or)
[copyright]: # ((at your option) any later version.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (TerraFERMA is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,)
[copyright]: # (but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of)
[copyright]: # (MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the)
[copyright]: # (GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License)
[copyright]: # (along with TerraFERMA. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.)

[documentation home](https://github.com/terraferma/terraferma/wiki/Documentation)

/ [terraferma_options](../terraferma_options.md) /

#system

MULTIPLE (1+) 

attributes: name (string) 

*/system*

Options describing a system.  

A system consists of a DOLFIN functionspace, 
the fields on this functionspace, the forms describing the solvers and preconditioners
that act on that functionspace and the coefficients that appear in those forms.

The system name must be unique amongst any other systems.

* CHOICE:
    * [mesh](system/mesh.md "child")

        CHOICE 

        attributes: name (string) 

        */system/mesh*

        The name of the mesh that the system functionspace and any coefficient functions are defined on. 
        The actual mesh must be described above in /geometry/mesh.

    * [mesh (Mesh)](system/mesh__Mesh.md "child")

        CHOICE 

        */system/mesh::Mesh*

        The name of the mesh that the system functionspace and any coefficient functions are defined on. 
        The actual mesh must be described above in /geometry/mesh.
        
        Use the automatically available name "Mesh."

* [ufl_symbol (global)](system/ufl_symbol__global.md "child")

    type: string

    */system/ufl_symbol::global*

    The ufl symbol that will be used in ufl forms and functionals to describe the system function. 
    This is the potentially mixed function made up of the fields defined in this system. This ufl
    symbol must be unique across the entire options file as it may be used in any ufl form or functional
    written in this file.
    
    Several additional symbols will be automatically derived from this base symbol:
    
    - trial (ansatz) function = symbol_a
        (the trial basis function, to be used in linear and bilinear forms)
    
    - test function           = symbol_t
        (the test basis function, to be used in bilinear forms)
    
    - iterated function       = symbol_i
        (the iterated function coefficient, containing the most up to date values for the system function)
    
    - old function            = symbol_n
        (the old function coefficient, containing the values from the previous timestep for the system function)
    

* [field](system/field.md "child")

    MULTIPLE (0+) 

    */system/field*

    Options describing a field (a prognostic function) in this system

* [coefficient](system/coefficient.md "child")

    MULTIPLE (0+) 

    */system/coefficient*

    Options describing a coefficient in this system

* [boundary_condition](system/boundary_condition.md "child")

    OPTIONAL 

    attributes: name (string) 

    */system/boundary_condition*

    Options for the description of a boundary condition

* [nonlinear_solver](system/nonlinear_solver.md "child")

    MULTIPLE (0+) 

    attributes: name (string) 

    */system/nonlinear_solver*

    Options describing a nonlinear solver.  This consists of a set of bilinear and linear forms acting on the function 
    and functionspace in this system and using coefficients defined anywhere in this options file.  Additionally a nonlinear
    solver describes the method of convering the nonlinear solve, either using a Newton or Picard iteration loop and a
    description of the linear solver used within this loop.

* [functional](system/functional.md "child")

    MULTIPLE (0+) 

    type: string

    attributes: name (string) 

    */system/functional*

    ufl code and symbol describing a functional.  This must return a single number and have a unique name beneath this field or coefficient.

[autogenerated]: # (This file was automatically generated from the schema file:/home/cwilson/repos/github/TerraFERMA/TerraFERMA/buckettools/schemas/system.rng.)

