[copyright]: # (Copyright (C) 2013 Columbia University in the City of New York and others.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (Please see the AUTHORS file in the main source directory for a full list)
[copyright]: # (of contributors.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (This file is part of TerraFERMA.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (TerraFERMA is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify)
[copyright]: # (it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by)
[copyright]: # (the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or)
[copyright]: # ((at your option) any later version.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (TerraFERMA is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,)
[copyright]: # (but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of)
[copyright]: # (MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the)
[copyright]: # (GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.)
[copyright]: # ( )
[copyright]: # (You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License)
[copyright]: # (along with TerraFERMA. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.)

[documentation home](Documentation)

/ [terraferma_options](../../../terraferma_options.md) / [geometry](../../geometry.md) / [mesh::Mesh](../mesh__Mesh.md) /

#source (Rectangle)

CHOICE 

*/geometry/mesh::Mesh/source::Rectangle*

Choose the source of this mesh as an internally generated 2d rectangle.

Boundary ids will be automatically assigned as:
                         4 (top boundary)
                       ----- 
    (left boundary) 1 |     | 2 (right boundary)
                       ----- 
                         3 (bottom boundary)

No region ids will be assigned.   


* [lower_left](source__Rectangle/lower_left.md "child")

    type: floats

    */geometry/mesh::Mesh/source::Rectangle/lower_left*

    Location of lower left corner.
    
         ----- 
        |     | 
         x---- 
    

* [upper_right](source__Rectangle/upper_right.md "child")

    type: floats

    */geometry/mesh::Mesh/source::Rectangle/upper_right*

    Location of upper right corner.
    
         ----x
        |     | 
         ----- 
    

* [number_cells](source__Rectangle/number_cells.md "child")

    type: integers

    */geometry/mesh::Mesh/source::Rectangle/number_cells*

    Specify the number of cells in each dimension.

* [diagonal](source__Rectangle/diagonal.md "child")

    values: left right right/left left/right crossed

    */geometry/mesh::Mesh/source::Rectangle/diagonal*

    Specify the direction in which the diagonal should lie.

* [cell](source__Rectangle/cell.md "child")

    values: triangle

    */geometry/mesh::Mesh/source::Rectangle/cell*

    The ufl cell type (no option allowed).

[autogenerated]: # (This file was automatically generated from the schema file:/home/cwilson/repos/github/TerraFERMA/TerraFERMA/buckettools/schemas/geometry.rng.)

